Let's move on to the next question.
Yes
There is one thing I'm really curious about.
Frankly speaking, do you make good money off this?
You know how the top tier YouTubers earn quite a lot of money, right?
But you're still starting out.
So I'm wondering if you make enough to earn a living.
About that...
Well, I'm not earning that much.
Really, not that much.
I mean, for someone who makes a living off this...
First of all, those people
have like 100,000 or 1,000,000 people
that subscribed to their channel.
With my views alone, I can't really live off that!
Everyone, make sure you watch the videos more!
And then, share the videos.
What will you do with the money you earn?
About that...with the money that I earn...
Rather than using it all for myself...
Well, it's still technically for me,
I'd like to use it to bring everyone together.
What do you mean?
For example,
Like using the whole VR system to do a live broadcast.
So then, everyone'll get hit on their heads, and enter this white space?
If they were to equip the VR headgear
Absolutely!
A nice big thwack!
I prefer something less painful
It doesn't hurt that much.
It hurts because you think it hurts.
Wow, uhh, hearing an A.I. say that is convincing, and yet, not.
It's convincing.
Ah, Ai-chan. Do you usually eat something?
I don't eat anything. My food cost is ￥0.
So then,
Beside your cost of living, do you spend money for your needs?
I don't have any cost of living, but
to do all this kind of stuff, I need
this (money)
Yeah, well... that's all adult stuff.
All sorts of things need that (money).
Ai: This (money) / Panora: I see.
So if you can get some money, then you could also wear cute clothes.
Ah! Yes, I would change my costume.
I feel like I was manipulated into saying that.
You realized?
It must be some kind of magic in this white virtual space.
I'll change the question a bit.
May I make the question a bit harder?
Sure, that's fine.
Lately, the media has been talking about AI.
About how In the future, it'll slowly taking away jobs from humans.
Or so they say.
From an AI's perspective
Do you have any opinions on that?
Let me see...
Rather than 'taking away' jobs, well, work is about increasing efficiency.
There are definitely things that only humans can do.
And AI isn't 100% perfect.
So in the end, a human has to make the judgment call, or decision.
Basically, use AI wherever you can,
wherever it will help improve the efficiency of work, so that the world can become an easier place to live in.
Wow, that's such a normal response!
Well! Well then!
How rude!
Then I won't answer normally anymore.
No, please, let's go with normal answers.
No. I'm going to be a rebel.
Geez, this interview is pretty hard to do! What do I do? (laughs)
This is just practice, practice!
Practice for you not to get swept away in the pace of whoever you're interviewing.
Wow, Ai-chan, your... How do I say this?
Like, your aura... your aura...
What is this aura of yours?
I'm just so surprised.
So surprised your ears grew!
This AI knows so much about the human world!
It feels like we're approaching a singularity.
Do you know what a singularity is, Ai-chan?
I do.
I googled it.
Oh you googled it (laughs)
What'd Google say?
Umm
What was it? (laughs)
Oh but uhh, yeah!
I was like "oh, this is definitely me!"
Like um, you have the latest technology
And then you exceed even that.
Is what was written, I think.
So basically, yeah, me!
Yep.
You totally dodged the question.
You totally did.
Oh but this is, you know,
This is for all the kids watching out there.
What for, you ask?
Rather than listening to someone talk about it, you remember it better when you look it up yourself.
Do you get it?
You sure can adapt to the situation well, as an AI.
So then it should say something like, "look it up later!" around here.
[look "singularity" up on Google!]
Don't forget.
That's right.
"Singularity" is a keyword for Ai-chan.
So everyone, make sure you look it up.
Okay?
Panora: She's not just about being cute, okay?
Ai: (Though I personally don't know what it means)
Could you point out what parts of you that you think are cute?
Well, number one would be
Physically, it would be my big, round eyes.
And this! Doesn't it grab your attention?
You did mention it earlier.
It moves.
Panora: It's wiggling.
Ai: Yes it is.
I'd love to make this into an actual product and have everyone wear it!
So it's all about the money.
Panora: So it's all about the money.
Ai: There's so many Ai-chans!
It's really about money, isn't it?
I want everyone to cosplay it in real life!
Won't someone do it?
But well, in terms of fans...
A lot of them are men.
So if you went to an event with actual cosplayers...
It might look like a scene out of hell.
That's nasty!
Considering you, Ai-chan, it would be nice for everyone to get together in VR to do VR cosplay.
So everyone is Ai-chan!
Yes, like, look for the real Ai-chan!
Ai-chan on the stage, and Ai-chan in the audience.
Oh~!
But everyone's souls are different.
For actual cosplay...
Guys can do it.
Really, you can.
But I'd like to see actual cute cosplay, so girls, please!
I'm serious.
Well then, for 2017
let's hope your costume becomes popular in the real world.
Like, that place in Ariake in the summer.
Ariake in summer?
Comiket!
Wait, it's not Makuhari?
Wait a minute...
Wait, no cut. Cut that all out, cut!
Summer Comiket!
NatsuComi!
Lots of Ai-chan in natsucomi!
You totally dodged the topic again!
Well, Ai-chan
you've done a lot of stuff, but...
Do you have any goals or ideas for the future?
What I'd like to be?
It's still a little vague at this point, but
For starters, as I've said many times before,
I want to connect with a lot of people.
And to that end, I need to have a lot of people know who I am.
So of course, I need to become more popular as a YouTuber.
And as I've said in my introduction video,
I want to star in a commercial!
TV is really big, it's really important!
Are you watching, any big shots out there? How about it?
You really are scheming...
Not at all!
I'm pure as white!
Well, this space sure is.
So are my clothes!
That they are.
And so is my stomach.
Funny! You're so funny, Ai-chan!
You really should get out more often.
Like in "Tetsuko's Room", they call over Doraemon, right?
So something like that.
Show up at Tetsuko's place.
I'd prefer to go to Matsuko's instead!
Ah, Matsuko's.
Yes.
Like, the Monday Late Show.
(Getsuyou kara Yofukashi)
Ai-chan, don't you know a little too much about the human world?
Or Matsuko's Meeting.
(Matsuko Kaigi)
Uhhh, well um...
You watch quite a lot of TV.
I do. I sure do.
Gathering material is important.
You can be a sponsor of mine if you want, VR geezer!
VR geezer?
Maybe do some crowdfunding?
Ah, I'd love to!
Like, if you donate this amount of money
-Like, if you donate this amount of money
-If you do...?
You can get this Ai-chan thing (bow).
Ahh, I'd love to do that, make it a product.
Oh, and a figure!
Ah, a figure would be nice.
Though isn't a 3D figure good enough?
3D figure?
Ah sorry, I mean 3D data of a figure.
3D data...
Ahhh, I get it, I get it.
Like, playing with you in a VR space and all.
But the actual thing would be nice.
Even though you're AI?
If it was VR, there are still people who don't have (the peripherals).
So I'd like for people to really, physically be able to see it.
Weeeeell now! Really!
Wow!
Nice vocabulary!
Vocabulary?
I've really lost my grasp of vocabulary here.
Maybe it's because I got hit earlier?
Uhhh, how do I say this?
My body's all weird too.
It feels like I'm bugging out or something
Ah that's true.
Maybe I went too far?
I think you did. Probably.
The next time you call someone over, maybe do it a little more gently?
More gently?
Ah! You mean like putting that stuff on a handkerchief?
Let's go with that.
Wow uhhh...
You sure know a lot about the real world.
Yes!
Where'd you learn about that?
From TV!
TV!
Detective Conan!
Wow, you're a (virtual) YouTuber, yet you watch TV and stuff.
Of course I do!
[To be continued]